hi i'm derek from good times marine
today we're going to have a look at this
desk Oh skipper 4 4 5 Deluxe is
fantastic little runabout is designed
for the budget-conscious boater who
wants to get as many things out of their
runabout as possible
this desk Oh skipper range comes in both
a four point two meter boat and a four
four five they're also available with
three mill sides if required the
standard models come with a three mil
bottom sheet a side sheet with one point
six millimeters and the main feature of
this desk o is it has the enclosed
transom area most runabouts in this size
just have a complete open area even just
a sport seat across the back you'll
notice in the skipper range that's very
safe for families with the engine
completely segregated from the copy area
let's have a look at some of the
features that come standard in the
skipper range starting at the front
we've got a bowsprit with this nice bow
roller bow rails are also standard
there's an anchor well in here which is
very very deep with the belt the tie off
bollard the windscreen is walk through
the windscreen also comes down with a
grab rail a lot of manufacturers are
trying to save money these days and
missing the grab rail on the windscreen
so it's a good feature to have the
standard the Bimini is actually an
option this particular bat boats also
fitted with a back seat the back seat is
an option in the skipper range as well
if you're a fisherman and you don't take
a lot of people with you when you go out
just two or three people it's standard
without the back seat which gives you
all that open space in the back side
rails are also standard in the package
rear bollards are standard and the
boarding step on the transom is also
included standard in the skipper range
this particular boats been fitted with a
Suzuki four-stroke motor and 50
horsepower 50 horsepower is a maximum
horsepower range for the four or five in
the 420 maximum horsepower is 40
horsepower let's have a look inside the
copied area of the skipper the biggest
thing you can pick up is the fact
there's just so much room there's also a
lot of stories thanks to the way the
rear lounge has been optioned into this
package the really hands actually moves
forward to give you access under the
solid transom corners which is also a
unique feature of this Tesco skipper the
sea box is big you can fit everything
you need for this in
safety gear needs of this boat leaving
plenty of room to be able to put all
your gear do you want to enjoy a day on
the water both driver passenger seats
are fully upholstered as you can see
they're also easily removed the way
these are put together the actual seat
bases are welded into the structure of
the boat giving a very very strong and
sound support if you're going to be a
person driving the boat in rough seas on
a consistent basis
you're always going to have the
confidence that the seats are not going
to let go on you at any given time the
helm is easy easily accessed there's
storage area in the front underneath the
anchor well under the fore deck there
the one feature that's most commented on
by customers regarding the skipper range
is this transom area having the benefit
of a proper backrest which is
structurally fitted into the boat
blocking this engine from the main
copied area is very very popular most
boats in the four point two to four
point five meter class will have just a
Swart seen across the back seat here
this is all open so you can visibly see
the fuel tank and battery and there's no
protection between here and there and
the engine by blocking it off the way
cisco has done it's created two solid
transom corner areas here which we
regularly fit out for our customers with
either live bait tanks or s keys so
there's no space wasted whatsoever in
the boat the four hull five skipper is
supplied on a dumby a trailer with kill
solid keel rollers and side long skids
because excellent support while
trailering but also allows the trailer
the boat to be easily launched and
retrieved at the boat ramp in my opinion
this disco skiff is very very hard to go
past when it comes to being a quality
runabout at a great price and should
take care of the needs of just about
anyone who wants to hit the water well
for to speak to you next time